Reformatting properties and relationships for the web (#102)
usnistgov/vulntology: website/content/contribute/_index.md

Please email the [project team](mailto:vulntology@nist.gov) with any questions you have about this project or if you are interested in getting involved.

> A [Gitter chat room](https://matrix.to/#/#vulntology_community:gitter.im) is available for Metaschema discussions. This is a great place to discuss issues with the NIST developers and ask for assistance with building Metaschema-enabled tools. This room is also setup with GitHub integration, which provides a good summary of recent Metaschema GitHub repo activities within the chat room.

Reviewer: This is still referencing Metaschema instead of Vulntology

Author: ```suggestion
A [Gitter chat room](https://matrix.to/#/#vulntology_community:gitter.im) is available for discussions. This is a great place to discuss issues with the NIST developers. This room is also setup with GitHub integration, which provides a good summary of recent project GitHub repository activities within the chat room.
```
